EDUC 561
Introduction to Higher Education
Fall 2014
Fridays 1-4pm
Room SEB 2229

 
Instructors:    
Betty Overton-Adkins, Clinical Professor, CHSPE
Office: School of Education Bldg. Room 2018
Office Phone: 734-615-8882
Email: boverton@umich.edu
Office Hours: By Appointment
____________________________________________________
Marie Ting, Associate Director, National Center on Institutional Diversity (NCID)
Office: NCID, School of Education Bldg., Room 3338 
Office Phone:  734-764-6550
Email: maript@umich.edu
Office Hours:  By Appointment
____________________________________________________
Esmeralda Hernandez, Graduate Student Assistant
Office:  School of Education Bldg, National Forum Suite, Room
Office Phone: 734-615-8882
Email: esmerahe@umich.edu
Office Hours: TBA
 
Overview of the Course
This course is designed to provide students who are new to the study of higher education an overview of the field, its challenges, and opportunities. Our focus is primarily the higher education system in the United States; however, we will touch on other systems as points of reference and comparison in what is becoming increasingly a global network of colleges and universities. While the course introduces some of the historical background of higher education, its ultimate aim is to be contemporary in coverage and future focused.  Because this is a survey of the field, no single topic can be covered with the depth that it deserves, but the course attempts to ensure students have a working knowledge of the structures, functions, major issues, and concerns within higher education, and the opportunities to address these issues through involvement and leadership in various areas—teaching, research, student development, institutional development, and other areas. 

The course is also structured to present the world of higher education by posing overarching questions that allow us to explore some enduring issues throughout its history:  What is the purpose of higher education?  Who is college for?  How do people access and succeed in college? How do we ensure the ongoing quality of the Academy?

Using a popular higher education text, American Higher Education in the Twenty-First Century (Altbach, Gumport, & Berdahl, 2011) , we begin the course with a brief historical overview of higher education in the United, as it is important to understand the antecedents of our current system and to mark the evolution of our institutions overtime.  How has higher education changed as it addresses the questions mentioned above?  What phenomena in the society spur change and how does the system react, resist, or absorb these changes across various aspects of higher education (student populations, curriculum and pedagogy, faculty and staff, and interactions with community and the larger society)?  When does higher education lead and when does it follow society?

The course spends some time looking at the impact of diversity on higher education.  This is an important issue for all members of the higher education community and requires openness to a critical examination of the system as it responds to the complexity of our contemporary society. Through a number of speakers and readings, the course will consider the current status of race, gender, and other types on diversity at colleges and universities, and how these issues impact campus climate and learning.

Additionally, understanding the U.S. higher education system requires understanding the various people who serve the system and how they have come to organize themselves to carry out the functions of our industry. Therefore, we will spend some time reading about, discussing, and thinking about the roles of faculty, staff, and administrators within higher education.  What are the roles and responsibilities assigned and how do people function in those roles?  What is the nature of leadership within higher education?  How do the various leadership roles ensure the accomplishment of institutional mission and ultimately the ends higher education purports to accomplish for our society?

We bring our course to an end by asking an important question:  What is the future of higher education?  Using Jeffrey Selingo’s book. College (Un) Bound: The Future of Higher Education and What It Means For Students, we join in projecting our own assumptions on what may be in store for our field.  While, none of us will have an absolute answer to this question, we can use our current knowledge to consider issues that are currently being addressed, and we can anticipate issues and concerns that are already emerging within the field.   It will be important to think about the future because those of you in the class who will be working in higher education will be operating in the forward movement of the field, hopefully armed with a strong sense of the issues and even possible solutions that grow out of your time of study at the University of Michigan.    

Course Objectives
This course is designed to help participants accomplish the following objectives:
?	To understand the Big Picture of higher education and view that picture within both the historic and contemporary realities of higher education.
?	To explore the organizational structures and goals of higher education and its role within our society
?	To think critically about current issues in U.S. higher education (primarily) and their connection to other higher education systems
?	To anticipate the future of higher education and the levers available to shape or change that future
?	To introduce and learn from higher education practitioners and models of leaders
?	To learn about and understand the goals, norms, and practices of graduate education at the University of Michigan
?	To explore a topic of professional interest through the study of a college or university program or intervention



Texts and Required Readings
Required:
Altbach, P. G., Gumport, P.J., & Berdahl, R.O. (2011). American Higher Education in the Twenty-First Century: Social, Political, and Economic Challenges (Third Edition). Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Selingo, J. J. College (Un)Bound: The Future of Higher Education and What It Means For Students.

Other Class Readings and Suggested Bibliography:
In addition to the required textbook, the instructors will provide other readings through the Ctools site.  Readings will be assigned for each class and can be found on the Course Schedule.

A bibliography of additional readings will be posted on Ctools (see resource section).  This bibliography provides good coverage of our topics and provides supplemental resources for class discussions, projects and initial planning of your major writing assignment.
Learning Outcomes
The learning goals for the course are framed as outcomes the instructor hopes every student will achieve and for which learning activities have been designed to achieve.
Students completing this course will
•	Be able to provide a contextual history of major events impacting higher education in the United States
•	Be able to discuss in written and oral formats the basic structural components of higher education and how these components contribute to educational goals of institutions
•	Know the various types of higher education institutions and their roles within the larger system
•	Be able to discuss the major issues in higher education and the backgrounds and implications of those issues
•	Be able to produce a piece of research related to an identified issue or program in higher education
•	Be able to identify at least five resource persons at the University of Michigan who can serve as resources for future study
•	Be able to access and use the various resources available through the Rackham Graduate School, the SOE, and other offices related to the student’s study at the University of Michigan
General Assumptions:
Teaching about higher education carries with it certain assumptions that should be articulated to ensure that the underlying premises from which the course has been developed are explicit, even if members of the class may not agree with some of them.

Assumptions:
•	Higher education is both a personal benefit and a public good. We hear questions frequently about whether higher education is more a personal benefit or a social or public good.   This course assumes that it has been and will continue to be both.  The issue is how we act on both.  Our economic argument (you’ll  more readily get a job and earn more money)  for higher education point to its personal benefit.  We often lead with this position in attracting potential students to our institutions. Our arguments for the public benefit (you’ll be a better citizen) seem to have less weight and more questions about their measureable outcomes.
•	Higher education has an obligation to use its resources to address societal needs.
•	Higher education in the United States should be open to all capable students.
•	The study of higher education does not fit neatly into a specific disciplinary frame but draws on a wide variety of formal research-based practices and informal observations about institutional and system behaviors.   Therefore, we learn about higher education from a variety of sources and subject fields.
•	Higher Education has multiple goals and intended outcomes, but a primary one is the transmission of the knowledge and skills needed for work, economic viability and civic life in a democratic society. 
•	Individuals practicing leadership within the higher education profession have a privileged position and thus a responsibility to influence their individual institutions, the larger system of higher education, and the larger society toward those goals that promote and support equity and social justice within the society.
Course Format:
This is a seminar course and is designed to have faculty and students share in the joint process of constructing an environment of participatory learning through reading, research, discussion, and activities that stimulate shared experiences. We will use two common texts to help organize and frame our discussions, supplemented by various articles and readings that will be available on Ctools.  The course will have a “hands-on” component to complement the theoretical and research principles that will be introduced.  Given the state of the field and the interests expressed by students taking the course, we may work together or in groups on a concrete project that integrates many of the professional competencies needed to succeed and advance in the profession.

This three- hour class will incorporate a variety of activities in order to cover the content and engage students in the learning process.   These activities will include faculty-led mini lectures, group discussions, group project, student presentations, and written papers.  To function well, a seminar course relies heavily on the regular and vigorous participation of all class members.

Readings and assignments have been chosen to provide exposure to professional practice and scholarship in this subject area.  Unlike many other courses, we won’t always come to class with the sole purpose of discussing the readings, but understanding their content will be very important in interacting with guest presenters and in accomplishing the course projects.  Nonetheless, it will be important to keep up with the readings for each session, and there will also be a chance, toward the end of the term, to demonstrate mastery of what has been read and to interrelate it with other course activities through a research paper and a short presentation.

Teaching Philosophies
Our approach to the course and the underlying teaching strategy reflect a few conceptual understanding by the instructional team:
Students bring different experiences, motivations and learning styles to the classroom.  The implications of this observation not only include the challenge to bring a wide range of ideas forward through readings and discussion, but also the need to recognize that some students might be taking the class as a basis for further research, others to broaden their career opportunities and some out of a general interest in higher education. All students have something to contribute but not all students will contribute in the same way.
The subject matter can be approached in a variety of ways. As we will discover, much of what is written about higher education as a general field of study is derived from the work of sociologists, psychologists, economists and educators. Recently, professionals in the field have pointed to an emerging “science” to complement the “art” that has long dominated professional practice in education.
The teaching-learning processes in higher education are inherently transformational processes hidden in transactional exchanges.  This principle is central to the seminar. It brings implications for the ways in which learning goes beyond a redistribution of information or resources between individuals and points to higher education’s ability to reshape identities and transform lives.
Learning should be fun and satisfying but not entertainment. This subject matter deserves serious consideration.   Open discussions and debate are encouraged.  We learn through our differences of opinions and approaches, but we can also take pleasure in vigorous exchanges wherein our minds are presented with opportunities to re-think old concepts and perspectives and learn new ones. Laughter is encouraged.

Pedagogical Strategies
•	Engage students in learner-centered activities, supported by examination of relevant research using primary and secondary sources
•	Provide a balance of structured class activities and opportunities for students to think creatively about their learning process
•	Acquaint students with resources they can use for extended study in particular areas
•	Call upon students to use multiple intelligences and intellectual skills
•	Expect the faculty to act as a facilitator of the learning process encouraging
Course Expectations for Participants
All members of the course are expected to participate and  be engaged in completing the assignments for the course and these will include reading the required texts and other assigned readings; participating in class exercises and discussions, completing assigned written assignments, and participating in a group project.

Course Requirements
Writing Style: All written assignments must be typed, spell-checked, proofread for grammar and usage, and should conform to the style and reference notation format outlined by the 6th edition of the Publication Manual of the American Psychological Association or other writing style as may be specified in this syllabus.  Please double-space all assignments and use 12-point font with a one-inch margin on all sides of the paper.  Unless otherwise noted, all papers will be submitted through Ctools.
Attendance Policy: This is a seminar/lecture course.  Reading the material for class is important, but equally important is the conversation that takes place in the classroom.  The sharing of ideas, active listening, and many questions form the basis of the learning process.  This process assumes that students are in class regularly and engaged with the subject matter and each other.  Electronic devices or note-taking by a peer cannot take the place of being in class.
Academic Honesty Policy: Each student is responsible for knowing and complying with the academic honesty policy for the University.  This instructor will approach each person’s submitted work as the originator’s declaration of original efforts.
Late Assignments: Students are expected to submit assignments on the announced dates.  Assignments submitted after the announced due date will receive point reductions--the later the submission, the more the point reduction.  Students with any special learning needs or accommodations that would affect the timing of completion of assignments should notify the instructor after the first class.
Classroom Civility:  This course, to a great extent, is based on talk—the give and take of discussion.  Students are expected at all times to conduct themselves in a manner that supports the teaching-learning process.   The expectations below will be discussed at the beginning of our course and monitored throughout the class:

Community Expectations
•	Know when to step up and step back in discussions
•	Express disagreement with respect
•	Use technology respectfully, using laptops and mobile devices for course work only
•	Be on time (Michigan time)
•	Keep side conversations to a minimum
•	Avoid personal put downs or accusatory comments
•	Assume that others have positive motives and are doing the best they can to learn from and engage with the material

Course Changes Policy: The instructor reserves the right to alter information in this syllabus as needed to accurately reflect the course coverage and to enhance the learning outcomes of the course.  When or if changes are necessary, they will be announced in advance and students will have appropriate time to make adjustments.  Any anticipated changes will be discussed with the class for input and as part of the decision making process; however, final decisions about changes are the responsibility of the instructor.

Campus Visits and Collaboration with the CSHPE Orientation Course
The Center for the Study of Higher and Postsecondary Education (CSHPE) offers an orientation course for its master’s cohorts.  This course collaborates with the Orientation class in an effort to ensure coverage of relevant material but also in an attempt not to duplicate activities and efforts.  One of the cooperative activities is the campus visit. Two campus visits are being cooperatively planned and material from the visits will be incorporated into the Introduction to Higher Education course. The goal of these visits is to develop an understanding of what it means to work at different institutional types and be able to identity how mission, student demographics, campus climate, and organizational structures at an institution may be a good fit for future professional roles.

Course Philosophy on the Assigning of Grades
Students stress over grades, even in graduate school.  While grades are a necessary tool given the educational models we have adopted, they are not the end goals of a class.  They are at best a representation of attempts to codify for our systems of accountability that some level of learning has taken place.  The instructor for this class starts with the assumption that all students in the class are capable of earning and plan to earn the highest grade for the course to mirror the level of their work and involvement with the subject matter.  Therefore, the expectation is that students will/should earn an “A” grade.   However, in the event that students do not fully meet this expectation, other grades will be assigned in accord with the scale given below. The course will use the following assignments for awarding points for the various course activities.



Course Assignments and Activities							

Class Participation (15 Points)										 
This course is a discussion course, not a lecture.  While the instructors will provide some lecture sections, the expectation is that students will read the assigned material and come prepared for the reciprocal learning that takes place from the shared discussions and other activities that will happen in class.  Class participation means that students will be present for class and will attempt to join in the various class-related activities that help introduce them to the University of Michigan and the field of higher education.

Proposal for Course Paper (15 Points)								
Students will select a topic of their choice and prepare a proposal  (prospectus) for their class paper using the research paper format for a major education association  (ASHE). The idea of the proposal is to suggest specific area or issue in higher education using existing research and current material. The proposal must include at least ten resources and present a   thesis or research question that can be addressed in the paper. The purpose of the assignment is two-fold: provides opportunity for feedback and discussion of the topic and allows students to become familiar with formats for proposing a presentation to a national conference.  Formats for the proposal will be discussed in class.

Course Paper (30 Points)                                                                                                  
Based on the approved proposal, students will develop and write a 10-15 page on a topic of their choice (guided by feedback).  The idea of the paper is to explore a specific area or issue in higher education using existing research and current material.  The paper must include at least ten resources and present a thesis or research question that can be addressed in the paper.  The paper will use American Psychological Association (APA) formatting.  This paper will be due at the end of the course. Criteria for assessing the paper will be posted on Ctools. 
 
Institutional Type Analysis (20 Points)
Select an institutional type (i.e. community college, research institution, for-profit, tribal colleges). Based on an analysis of current material related to the institutional type develop and write an 8-10 page paper focused on a particular issue or concern for this type of institution.  

Group Project (Model Higher Education Institution) (25 Points)
This course is designed as an introduction to higher education.  As such it seeks to have students think about the purposes, structure and make-up of our institutions but to also anticipate and plan for the future.  Work groups for this assignment will be organized during the second week of class. Groups will be asked to work together over the course of the semester to design the ideal new institution (private or public) or higher education system for a state. The goal is to use what you know about higher to develop new models or to improve on our current models.  The presentation of this project will involve both a written presentation (paper or Powerpoint) and oral presentation/poster session as scheduled in the Course Outline. The same grade for the project will be given to all members of the group.  Criteria for grading the written and oral presentations will be posted on Ctools.

Reflections on Selected Campus Activities (20 Points) 
The University of Michigan is a world-class institution and presents a plethora of activities and opportunities for students. We will attempt to alert you to the   many speakers and activities that will be available to you. Students will be expected to attend at least two sessions outside of the in-class activities and to write two reflections (10 points each) based on your attendance. The reflections should be at least fours pages each. The reflections will be posted on Ctools and may be submitted throughout the semester, but all reflections need to be submitted by December 1, 2015.


TOTAL POINTS POSSIBLE 125
POINTS	Grade
125 - 119	A
118 - 112	A-
111 - 106	B+
105 - 99	B
98 - 92	B-
91 - 85 	C+
84 - 78	C
Below 77	Unacceptable for graduate work

 

Course Outline
Date	Class Activities	Assigned Readings
Session 1
9/5	Introduction to the Course
 
Introductions: students and instructors
 
Our Questions:
So why study higher education?  What do we need to know about higher education and how do we need to learn it?  What has allowed higher education to sustain itself and what should be sustained into the future? 	
 
Course Plan and Requirements (review of the syllabus)
 
Introduction to the texts (Altbach and Selingo)
 
TBA: Higher education knowledge survey

TBA: Participation in Inauguration
	Course Syllabus (Read and come prepared with questions)
 
Berdahl, R. O., Altbach, P. G., & Gumport, P. J. (2011). Introduction: The context of American higher education. In Altbach, P. G., & Gumport, P. J. (Eds.), American higher education in the twenty-first century: Social, political, and economic challenges (pp. 1-11). Baltimore: The John Hopkins University Press.  

Selingo, J. J. (2013). College (un)bound: the future of higher education and what it means for students (pp. 162-170). Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. 
 
Other Readings:
Dressel, P. L., & Mayhew, L. B. (1974). Higher education as a field of study: The emergence of a profession. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.
 
Session 2
9/12	What are the roles and goals of higher education: The mission-purpose question

What is higher education:  Defining the field of study? 

Please review the mission and history of your previous institution(s)

Groups formed for Group Project on the Future of Higher Education	Banion, “Focus on Learning: The Core Mission of Higher Education” (see course articles)

Selingo, J. J. (2013) College (un)bound: the future of higher education and what it means for students. (pp. 4-34). Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. 


Duderstadt (2007).  The View from the Helm.  (pp. 3-38) The University of Michigan Press.  
Session 3 9/19	How did we get where we are: The historical context of higher education

Creating a chronology of  higher education:  major events, players, and changes 



Optional Participation: Immigration Event	Altbach, P. G. (2011). Patterns of higher education. In Altbach, P. G., & Gumport, P. J. (Eds.), American higher education in the twenty-first century: Social, political, and economic challenges (pp. 15-36). Baltimore: The John Hopkins University Press.  

Geiger, R. L. (2011). The ten generations of American higher education. In Altbach, P. G., & Gumport, P. J. (Eds.), American higher education in the twenty-first century: Social, political, and economic challenges (pp. 37-68). Baltimore: The John Hopkins University Press.  
 

Selingo, J. J. (2013). College (un)bound: the future of higher education and what it means for students. (pp. 55-103). Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. 


Session 4
9/26	How are we organized to do the work of higher education: The structure and forms of higher education


Organizational charts activity

Due: Proposal by 12am on ctools	Schmidtlein, F. A., & Berdahl, R. O. (2011). Autonomy and accountability. In Altbach, P. G., & Gumport, P. J. (Eds.), American higher education in the twenty-first century: Social, political, and economic challenges (pp. 37-68). Baltimore: The John Hopkins University Press.  

Birnbaum, R. (1988). How colleges work (pp. 3-29). San Francisco: Jossey Bass.

Tierney, W. G. & Hentsche, G. C. (2007). Growth, demand, and purpose in higher education. New players, different game: Understanding the rise of for-profit colleges and universities (pp.185-200). Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press

O'Brien, E. M., & Zudak, C. (1998). Minority-Serving Institutions: An Overview. New Directions for Higher Education, 102, 5-15.
Session 5
10/3	Who pays and how much: Financing higher education

Activity
Wilberforce case study	Johnston, D. B. (2011). Financing higher education: Who should pay? In Altbach, P. G., & Gumport, P. J. (Eds.), American higher education in the twenty-first century: Social, political, and economic challenges (pp. 315-340). Baltimore: The John Hopkins University Press.;

Mumper et.al. (in Altbach) “The Federal Government and Higher Education,  (pp. 113-138); 

Corrigan (in Altbach), “ The States and Higher Education,” (pp. 139-165);

Selingo, J. J. (2013). College (un)bound: the future of higher education and what it means for students. (pp. 36-52). Boston: Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. 

Branch, T. (2011, October).  “The Shame of College Sports.”  The Atlantic Monthly. Retrieved from http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2011/10/the-shame-of-college-sports/308643/

Bacon, J. (2013).  Forth and Long:  The Fight for the Soul of College Football.  Simon & Schuster.  P. 12-17
Session 6
10/10
	Who’s in and who’s out:  accessing higher education
	 Altbach Chapter 10,17
Goldrick-Rab,S., & Cook, M. A. E. (2011). College students and changing contexts. In Altbach, P. G., & Gumport, P. J. (Eds.), American higher education in the twenty-first century: Social, political, and economic challenges (pp. 409-432). Baltimore: The John Hopkins University Press.

Smith, D. G. (2011). The diversity imperative: Moving to the next generation. In Altbach, P. G., & Gumport, P. J. (Eds.), American higher education in the twenty-first century: Social, political, and economic challenges (pp. 409-432). Baltimore: The John Hopkins University Press.

Massey, D. S., Charles, C. Z., Lundy, G. F., & Fischer, M. J. (2003). The source of the river: the social origins of freshmen at America's selective colleges and universities. (pp, 1-19 & 197-207) Princeton, N.J.: Princeton University Press

Affirmative Action piece

Jaschik, S. (2014). Merit, diversity, and grad admissions. Inside higher ed. Retrieved from http://www.insidehighered.com/news/2014/07/14/scholar-explores-how-graduate-admissions-committees-view-measures-merit-and#sthash.fenY86Ey.dpbs

Session 7
10/17	What do we teach and how do people learn: curriculum and pedagogy

Due: Institutional Type Paper by 12am on ctools	Bastedo, M. (2011) Curriculum in higher education: The organizational dynamics of academic reform. In Altbach, P. G., & Gumport, P. J. (Eds.), American higher education in the twenty-first century: Social, political, and economic challenges (pp. 409-432). Baltimore: The John Hopkins University Press.

Academically Adrift Chapter 1/ video?

Museus, S., Ravello, J. & Vega, B. (2011).  The Campus Racial Culture:  A Critical Race Counterstory. In Museus, S. & Jayakumar, U. “Creating Campus Cultures:  Fostering Success Among Racially Diverse Student Populations.”  P. 29-45.
Session 8
10/24
	Who are the internal players: The professoriate and other roles	ONeil (in Altbach), “Academic Freedom: Past, Present, and Future,” (pp. 88-110); Altbach, “The Professoriate in the Twenty-First Century,” (pp. 227-253); Eckels and Kezar, “Presidents Leading: The Dynamics and Complexities of Campus Leadership,” ( pp. 279-311); 

Carlson, “Administrative Hiring Drove 28% Boom in Higher-Ed Work Force,” Chronicle of Higher Education, February 5, 2014 (Comment)

AAUP Charter (online)
Session 9
10/31	What are the outcomes of a college education: College outcomes, assessment, and quality


What does industry want?
Learning outcomes?
Accreditation	 http://www.nbcnews.com/news/education/college-worth-it-new-documentary-weighs-costs-higher-ed-n129991
 
Gurin, P., Dey, E. L., Hurtado, S., & Gurin, G. (2002). Diversity and higher education: Theory and impact on educational outcomes. Harvard Educational Review, 72(3), 330-367.
 
An overview of U.S. Accreditation http://files.eric.ed.gov.proxy.lib.umich.edu/fulltext/ED544355.pdf

Session 10
11/7
	How do we come together as a campus community: The campus experience and campus climate

Case study: #BBUM	Racial Tensions grow at University of Michigan http://www.insidehighered.com/news/2014/01/21/racial-tensions-grow-university-michigan#sthash.IkHrOQNP.dpbs

Milem, J.F., Chang, M.J., and Antonio, A.L.  (2005). Making Diversity Work on Campus:  A Research-Based Perspective.  Washington, DC:  American Association of Colleges and Universities.

Sporn, B. (1999). Adaptive university structures : an analysis of adaptation to socioeconomic environments of US and European universities (pp. 110-140). London: J. Kingsley Publishers. 
Session 11
11/14	How do we serve the public good: Community and other constituents	 Weerts, D. and Sandmann, L. (2008). Building a Two-Way Street:  Challenges and Opportunities for Community Engagement at Research Universities.  The Review of Higher Education, 32(1).

Collins, W. (2011).  Authentic Engagement for Promoting a College-Going Culture.  Jounal of Higher Education Outreach and Engagement, 15(4).

Campus Compact articles (Betty)
Session 12
11/21	What’s ahead; the future	Selingo, “ The Online Revolution,” (pp. 86-101);  “The Student Swirl,” “Degrees of Value,” “The Skills of the Future,”  (pp. 106-159)  

The College of 2020: The Future of Higher Education
College2020 (a blog)
Session 13
11/28	No Class
Happy Thanksgiving!	
Session 14
12/5
	Poster Presentations:  The Campus of the Future

Due: Poster and Viewbook	Each group will have 20 minutes for their presentation
Monday
12/8	No Class
Due: Final Paper 	
 
 
 
 
 
 

